Add AWS Config streaming Terraform module (#2)
DataDog/terraform-aws-config-changes-datadog: README.md

# AWS Config Change Streaming Module

## Description

> Use thie Terraform module to Enable AWS Config configuration changes streaming to Datadog.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this Terraform module to enable AWS Config configuration changes streaming to Datadog.  
```

  tags = {
    "team" = "AWS"
  }
}
```

## Requirements 
| Name | Version |
|  :-- |   :--   |
| [terraform](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/releases/tag/v1.8.4) | >= 1.8.4 |
| [aws](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs) | >= 4.5.0 |

## Providers 
| Name | Version |
| :-- |  :--   |
| [aws](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs) | >= 4.5.0 |

## Modules

## Input

| Parameter | Type | Required | Default value | Description |
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| `aws_account_id` | `string` | No | Caller Identity | AWS Account ID. Will be used to add a custom header when streaming config changes to Datadog. The account ID will be used to authenticate and authorize the request to read config changes from AWS Config S3 bucket. Account ID can be found [here](https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#integrations/aws). |
| `dd_integration_role_name` | `string` | Yes | Empty | Datadog's AWS IAM Integration Role name. The integration role policy will be amended to grant Datadog read permissions on a S3 bucket that will store oversized AWS Config events which can't be streamed via Kinesis Firehose. |

> | `dd_api_key_secret_arn` | `string` | Yes | Empty | Datadog API key secret ARN. Check [this page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/firehose/latest/dev/create-destination.html#create-destination-datadog) for more about configuring AWS Firehose destination for Datadog. Check [this page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/firehose/latest/dev/secrets-manager-whats-secret.html) to undersatnd the secret's JSON format. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dd_api_key_secret_arn` | `string` | Yes | Empty | Datadog API key secret ARN. Check [this page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/firehose/latest/dev/create-destination.html#create-destination-datadog) for more information about configuring the AWS Firehose destination for Datadog. Check [this page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/firehose/latest/dev/secrets-manager-whats-secret.html) to understand the secret's JSON format. |
```

| `dd_destination_url` | `string` | Yes | `https://cloudplatform-intake.datadoghq.com/api/v2/cloudchanges?dd-protocol=aws-kinesis-firehose` | Datadog intake URL which receives configuration changes. There's a different intake URL per datacenter (DC), check the different URLs (DC) [here](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/amazon_config/?tab=manual#create-an-amazon-data-firehose-stream).|

> | `failed_events_s3_bucket_name` | `string` | Yes | Empty | A backup S3 bucket name which stores events that failed to be sent to Datadog. |

Reviewer: I would leave out the `backup` part. AWS Backup is a service and it might be confusing.

Author: <img width="1259" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7f427ca3-61c4-4789-bca7-a4aaf17231e2" />
it's part of the backup settings of Kinesis Firehose stream.

| `s3_bucket_name` | `string` | Yes | Empty | AWS Config changes S3 bucket name. |
| `sns_topic_name` | `string` | Yes | Empty | AWS Config changes SNS topic name. |

> | `tags` | `map(string)` | No | Empty | Optional tags to attach to the created resources. |

Reviewer: Maybe mention an example of value here as map(string) might be confusing for some users

Author: I have an example in the Usage section
